02/03/2025
3:50pm

In person meeting

Attendence:
- **Jacob**: Recorder  
- **Brippney**: Scrum Master  
- **Keomony**: Developer  
- **Devin**: Product Owner  
- **Vlad**: Developer  

## Meeting Notes (2/3/25)

- We reviewed the notes from Friday and had a little bit of discussion about high-level requirements.
- We reviewed the SRS, made some minor adjustments, and added a few items.
- We reviewed the Project Launch document and discussed what our specific target audience should be (and whether it should be something more general rather than for a specific target audience like coders).
- We settled on making students our specific target audience and may expand it to anyone within Academics.
- We'll need fairly minor adjustments to the Project Launch document, then we should be okay.
- **Brippney** will update the Project Launch document, and then the general information should be ready to submit.
