# 2025-02-19 (Wednesday, online)

- [✅] Brippney Vargas(Product Owner)
- [✅] Vlad Kashchuck (Recording)
- [✅] Keomony Mary (Scrum Master)
- [✅] Jacob West (Developer)
- [✅] Devin Winters (Developer)

## Actions

1. Keomony started the discussion on the status of the project, and what unittesting Python library we’re going to use, probably not unittest.
2. Jacob reverted some changes he did before.
3. Jacob described what he did in model script.
4. Keomony brought up error handling aspect to the discussion.
5. Group discussed how and what we're going to be submitting for the current milestone.
6. Vlad described what he did in controller CLI.
7. Vlad brought up the constant git conflicts due to .DS_STORE.md file. Group discussed the issue and possible resolution to ths issue in the future.
8. Group discussed how we're doing the version release for this milestone.
9. Group agreed to pull everytime before doing any changes locally and push frequently.

## Announcements

- …

## Impediments

- …

## Knowledge

- …

## Other

…
