# 2025-02-10 (Monday, in-person)

- [✅] Brippney Vargas(Product Owner)
- [✅] Vlad Kashchuck (Recording)
- [✅] Keomony Mary (Scrum Master)
- [✅] Jacob West (Developer)
- [✅] Devin Winters (Developer)

## Actions

1. Devin presented UML.
2. The group discusseed our Model/View/Controller structure.
3. It was decided that we will be using Python and implement Object Oriented Programming where we have 2 main classes: TaskManager, Task.
4. The Tag Class is recommended to implement later.
5. Jacob will be working on the CLI prototype.
6. Devin will write test cases and create class diagram.
7. Brippney works on sorting priorities of our product backlog and create use case diagram.
8. Keomony facilitates meeting, checking-in with teams for the progress and see if there are any issues, work on sequence and use case diagram.
9. Vlad will take note of our meeting and present with meeting reports.
10. The group discussed decorated fucntions and how they can be used for our project.
11. The group discussed JSON files, and how we can use it.

## Announcements

- We will implement these functionalities to our program:
  - Add task
  - View task
  - Delete task
  - Save and load created task into .json file

## Impediments

- Recently, we had an issue with the dev branch not being updated.
  Some team members worked on DEV branch without first pulling the latest changes from the MAIN branch.
  This caused conflicts when merging later, as the DEV branch was based on an outdated version of the repository.

## Knowledge

- We learnt that to avoid merging conflicts, everyone should make sure their local branches are up to date with MAIN before working on DEV branch and regularly push the latest changes into DEV.
- Learn about how to make sequence diagram, use case diagram
- Understanding story points
- Understand about Command-Line-Prototype

## Other

- Actionable steps for the next milestone.
  - Research on UI
  - Deciding on the most suitable programming language and framework, such as Flask, React, Tkinter PySimpleGUI, or JavaScript.
- We also had a parking lot meeting on Sunday where Keomony and Brippney work on documentation and diagrams.
