## 2025-03-26 (Wednesday)
* [✅] Keomony Mary (Developer)
* [✅] Jacob West (Product Owner)
* [❌] Devin Winters(Developer)
* [✅] Vlad Kashchuck(Scrum Master)
* [✅] Brippney Vargas(Recorder)

### Announcements
* Peer review scheduled
* Need to discuss team roles

### Discussion Points
* Progress visualization
  * Options: using pandas or JSON
  * Keomony will ask Devin about implementing pandas
* Design patterns
  * No design pattern currently implemented
  * Jacob will ask professor about using design patterns
  * Jacob will handle design patterns for backend
* Testing improvements
  * More testing needed using spreadsheets
  * Vlad will work on specialized testing
  * Integration testing and standardized testing needed

### Team Organization
* Discuss branch management
  * Consider using individual branches

### Feature Development
* Progress visualization implementation
* Undo features
* Advanced features:
  * Another section
  * Restore functionality
  * Undo tasks
  * Backend command research